Mac Miller - What Up Cousin Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

What up, cousin, how're you feelin'?

I heard that you been raised high above the ceilin'

I'm just makin' music, I hope you feel it

But now I got a couple things that I gotta deal with

So, what up, cousin?



How you been, homie?

What it is, homie?

Without you here, your family feel lonely

But it's all good, cousin, we gon' carry on

Although it seems so unfair you're gone

People nowadays never focus on the positives

'Cause life now only good when the guap is big

They're talkin' shit, hatin' for no reason

And haters is stupid

Baby, my flow, leave 'em

So confused 'cause they're all up 'bout this dumb shit

Lisa said she love it and the other shit is rubbish

So I'm 'a make my time here worth it, real good for you

Lookin' back like there's nothin' I couldn't do

And there's nothin' that I wouldn't do to bring you back

Poetry, heart and soul singin' rap

I've been thinkin' that I found my passion

Rappin' 'bout the future in an old-school fashion



What up, cousin, how're you feelin'?

I heard that you been raised high above the ceilin'

I'm just makin' music, I hope you feel it

But now I got a couple things that I gotta deal with

So, what up, cousin?



They say my style ain't different

I'm just like everybody else

They say my pitches gotta change up

But all those people is just hatin' 'cause they don't know how to love their self

Mad when someone bring my name up

And it's unfortunate 'cause I'm just here comin' from the heart, shit

I'm just tryna find somethin' for the market

And I ain't sayin' that I'm from the worst hardships

But my life ain't no walk in the park

It's been a shark pit, dark with no harvest

Drivin' in a car but can't find a place to park it

I got some people that I really need to ball with

That must've been what got this shit started

There's been some people that I hadn't said goodbye to

But my life gotta go on, and it don't mean that we forget

Because we dedicate our lives to, that's why I wrote this fuckin' song



What up, cousin, how are you feelin'?

I heard that you been raised high above the ceilin'

I'm just makin' music, I hope you feel it

But now I got a couple things that I gotta deal with

So, what up, cousin?



Shit's real out there, ain't nobody playin' 'round

I got some bangers and some druggies that I hang around

Everybody do their own thing

And you can find me on the corner makin' money when it's snowing

I sell a little weed, get my pockets fat

But I talk to cats who be movin' lots of crack

It ain't the good life, it ain't the bad, it's just makin' the best of what we have

I'll put the dollars down and move into the lab

That's how much I want this music shit to last

And some days I feel it's movin' too fast

Schools gon' pass, not remembering a class

Suddenly before you know it's time to grow up

Focus on the real, try not to get your hopes up

So far I've had some hard work and a little luck

Once I make it to the money, I ain't gon' give it up



What up, cousin, how are you feelin'?

I heard that you been raised high above the ceilin'

I'm just makin' music, I hope you feel it

But now I got a couple things that I gotta deal with

So, what up, cousin?